Add a remote cluster tutorial link to the api keys page (#6953)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/api-keys/elasticsearch-api-keys.md

The following types of {{es}} API keys are available:

* **Personal/User** API key: allows external services to access the {{stack}}, including the [{{es}}]({{es-apis}}) and [{{kib}}]({{kib-apis}}) APIs, on behalf of a user.

> * **Cross-cluster** API key: allows other clusters to connect to this cluster for tasks like cross-cluster search and replication. See [](/deploy-manage/remote-clusters.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Cross-cluster** API key: allows other clusters to connect to this cluster for tasks like {{ccs}} and replication. Refer to [](/deploy-manage/remote-clusters.md) for more information.
```
